release-notes-2.4: flash changes (#28129)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-2.4.rst

    removed as it is unmaintained and all its functionality is available
    through ``CONFIG_SPI_NOR``.  Out of tree uses should convert to the
    supported driver using the ``jedec,spi-nor`` compatible.

>   * Enhanced nRF QSPI NOR flash driver (nrf_qspi_nor) so it support unaligned read offset, read length & buffer offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Enhanced nRF QSPI NOR flash driver (nrf_qspi_nor) so it supports unaligned read offset, read length, and buffer offset.
```

  * Added SFDP support in spi_nor driver.

>   * Fix regression in nRF flash driver (soc_flash_nrf) with :option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_LOW_LAT` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed regression in nRF flash driver (soc_flash_nrf) with :option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_LOW_LAT` option.
```
